[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Welcome back.
Here's what's new in
DevTools in Chrome 66--
blackboxing in the Network
panel, auto-adjust zooming
in Device mode, HTML
rendering in the Preview tab,
pretty printing in the
Preview and Response tabs,
and an improvement
to local overrides.
First up, blackboxing
in the Network panel.
The initiator column
tells you what
code caused a network request.
If you don't see it,
right-click the Table header
and click Initiator.
Here, in this demo, you can
see that there is a framework
wrapper around the
requests so they all
point to the same line of code.
What I really want is
to see the application
code that caused each request.
To do this, I hover
over the initiator,
which shows the call stack
leading up to the request,
right-click the call
that I want to hide,
then click Blackbox Script.
The wrapper code is now
hidden from the results
and I can see the app code that
really caused each request.
To manage your
blackbox scripts, type
Blackbox in the Command
menu or go to Settings.
The Preview tab
now always renders
HTML and pretty
prints minified files.
Here we've got
the Stack Overflow
page for DevTools questions.
When I click the request
for the main document
then open the Preview tab, I
see a rendering of the HTML.
It's not a complete browser,
so the rendering isn't perfect,
but it's good enough.
This often comes in handy
when an API returns an error
code that's formatted in
HTML and you just want
to see the rendered output.
The Preview tab now also
pretty-prints minified files
by default, such as
this JQuery file.
You can also pretty print
from the Response tab
by clicking the
Pretty Print button.
In Device mode, you
can now configure
DevTools to always resize
the viewport so that it
doesn't overflow your screen.
First, let's see
the old behavior.
Here, I'm simulating a mobile
viewport in Portrait mode.
When I switch to landscape, the
viewport overflows my screen.
In Chrome 66, if I never
want it to overflow,
I can click the Zoom dropdown,
then select Auto-Adjust Zoom.
Now when I change
orientation, the viewport
resizes itself to fit my screen.
In the last episode,
when we announced
the launch of local
overrides, I mentioned
that it had a limitation
around CSS and HTML.
If you had some CSS
inlined in your HTML
and made a change to
that CSS, local overrides
couldn't detect the change.
In Chrome 66, that's fixed.
Here on this super-impressive
demo that I built,
we've got a CSS rule in
the head of the document.
The rule sets the color
of H1 elements to fuchsia.
In Chrome 65, when I make a
change to this declaration
and reload the page,
the change is gone,
even though I've got
local override set up.
In Chrome 66, though, it
works as you'd expect.
I change the color,
then reload the page,
and the change is still there.
That's all for Chrome 66.
Here's a bonus tip.
Back when I created the
JavaScript debugging tutorial,
some viewers pointed out that
event listener breakpoints
aren't that useful if you're
building on top of a framework
because your event
listeners are usually
wrapped in framework code.
The blackboxing
feature that I showed
you earlier can also help here.
When I click this button,
the count increments.
When I set a click breakpoint
then click the button,
DevTools pauses and
views wrapper code,
which isn't that helpful.
What I really want is
to see the app code that
causes the count to increment.
Since the framework code
is in a separate file,
I can blackbox that script
from the Call Stack pane.
Now if I click the button and
trigger the breakpoint again,
DevTools pauses on the code
that I actually care about.
Thanks for watching.
Leave me a comment if you've
got any questions or feedback.
Otherwise, I'll see you in
six weeks for Chrome 67.
[MUSIC PLAYING]